[WIP] Authorization and RBAC (#540)
jupyter/jupyter_server: examples/authorization/README.md

JupyterHandler.user_is_authorized = my_authorization_method
```

In the `jupyter_nbclassic_readonly_config.py`

## Try it out!

### Read-only example

1. Clone and install nbclassic using `pip`.

    git clone https://github.com/Zsailer/nbclassic
    cd nbclassic
    pip install .

2. Navigate to the jupyter_authorized_server `examples/` folder.

3. Launch nbclassic and load `jupyter_nbclassic_readonly_config.py`:

    jupyter nbclassic --config=jupyter_nbclassic_readonly_config.py

4. Try creating a notebook, running a notebook in a cell, etc. You should see a `401: Unauthorized` error.

### Read+Write example

1. Clone and install nbclassic using `pip`.

    git clone https://github.com/Zsailer/nbclassic
    cd nbclassic
    pip install .

2. Navigate to the jupyter_authorized_server `examples/` folder.

3. Launch nbclassic and load `jupyter_nbclassic_rw_config.py`:

    jupyter nbclassic --config=jupyter_nbclassic_rw_config.py

4. Try running a cell in a notebook. You should see a `401: Unauthorized` error.

### Temporary notebook server example

1. Clone and install nbclassic using `pip`.

    git clone https://github.com/Zsailer/nbclassic

>     cd nbclassic

Reviewer: https://github.com/Zsailer/nbclassic is now https://github.com/jupyterlab/nbclassic Thx @zsailer

Reviewer: or should it be simpley pip install nbclassic?

    pip install .

2. Navigate to the jupyter_authorized_server `examples/` folder.

3. Launch nbclassic and load `jupyter_temporary_config.py`:

    jupyter nbclassic --config=jupyter_temporary_config.py

> 4. Edit a notebook, run a cell, etc. Everything works fine. Then try to save your changes... you should see a `401: Unauthorized` error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Edit a notebook, run a cell, etc. Everything works fine. Then try to save your changes... you should see a `403: Forbidden` error.
```
